who's hungry shouldn't he be eating
these but yeah that's not what you want
to be eating you'll be feeling tomorrow
look for it later Haim Cameron I'm Clint
today we got some new one dollar nachos
from del taco salsa verde nachos think
there's an angle I can get these worth
it appetizing on these nachos we got
beans nacho cheese jalapenos and green
sauce the cream sauce gives it the name
salsa verde just green sauce and finish
or sauce green because there are factors
let's see how much your values in these
one dollar nachos all right it tastes
exactly like I imagined based on the
description and listing of ingredients
like it's cool that's only a buck i
guess but you'd be better off paying a
little more for some better nachos for
something better yeah does that help in
yo like brown there's a brown hope I
don't know if you like beans and nacho
cheese and pickled jalapenos I think a
big reason why I don't like this is uh
not a huge refried beans guy especially
del taco refried beans for probably
single fried anyways I mean I think it's
all right for buck and someone says man
it's a pretty good deal for a buck Emil
get some door knock jokes like I
wouldn't do it but all right better if
someone said that to me I'd say hey you
know what you got Taco Bell two doors
down Wendy's three doors down you're
better off hitting up their dollar stuff
if you're going for something that's a
dollar yeah those two options over this
one we started it was like hey you know
what you got your whole life Betty yeah
you shouldn't be like like don't go
don't take your first turn just like
keep going you got other turns you could
make in life into dr. Fowler Wendy's so
on a scale of 1 to 30 7 30 37 5937 good
luck it is a buck thanks for tuning in
to a two-minute reviews